gauntlet Tommy this is Andre for blender
County and we played gauntlet in a
previous video right now yes as you know
katie is a new school game around almost
going anywhere so she's not played some
of these classics actually I but I think
I've only seen gauntlet I don't think
I've ever played a bunch of gauntlet and
now I see why there was like what but
gauntlet is very it's a very it's a
classic game it brought some game lore
to us because it will say things like
warrior needs food badly oh you know
that's a cool that's cool at least no
it's okay I'm sorry I'm trying I'm
trying I'm trying to sell down so
obviously gauntlet - I gotta get in this
Oh what did I get
you're about curry again wait now what
did you what are you doing I don't know
what I did what did you just stop the
game yes we haven't even played it yet
she's already a gallon that's been in
the video use like hero see so I'm about
great now I'm the Valkyries oh yeah yeah
you're the warrior that's right I'm a
chick I'm gonna throw axes yeah you are
from the four swords testing for swords
I'm Rosie
a bunch of health all right so come keys
Oh Kim Oh see now they can come from all
directions see before it was just left
right I'm exiting join me in the exit no
all right going here you're gonna die
you grab the key that's right it's like
I thought level 2 more players allow
higher bonus multiplayer well it's great
I can I sure four players would love to
come play this good we want gonna play
gallon to Ennis look we need two more
players in an elf and a wizard ah oh no
you got stunned
you can't move leave em alone
sorry I love this is yet does that mean
that we are actually going to have to
hit each other yes
maybe there's a fight this Oh watch it
come on you posed to be like the epic
adventure girl right in the force field
it just looks like colors and blurred
lines blur night I know you won't it
won't get through the gauntlet
gotta fight some monsters you the
hottest help in this place happens to
hit just go real it's annoying oranges
wait that was fun about Wow hey kind of
the same all right take it take it out
take it out I can't take out the oranges
Annoying Orange on Cartoon Network all
right here we go blur knives
oh if you get stuck again Oh hate these
things the demons know there's a
nasty-looking collect magic potion
before pressing majesty bang on back off
I keep getting hit what's that look you
I got a key wait for me I'm sorry I'm
sorry it's the exact same game except
this time they just make it harder
that's right you hadn't seen the
gauntlet - you see Sigala - where we're
rocking is so fun I am now it oh now
you've now you this is where we're
supposed to hit me honey right know why
they say I'm it oh my god 42 wealthy
asses oh you're it cuz you're in there
cuz of it
don't get me why why are you get you it
oh there oh that's why you're gonna help
me
everyone's he's not helping me I didn't
know that's what they mean by you were
is but they were only expecting you that
would make you it how do you get these
green things and keep moving
Oh oh man your health is low gonna get
you some more power
stop it
oh boy oh no now i'm in i don't livi it
I don't think you're going the right way
what the what is alright we're gonna see
what else is on here cuz Garland's not
working for us
sorry sorry sorry got the lovers of your
gone lover yeah sorry so what's a
classic game everyone else loves you you
hate you're like forget that game what
is your game but you hate from the back
of the day kid can't love every game
gonna hate some so there you go
subscribe
Jordan shell black your County Legend of
Katie if this video ever makes it on
lock it will our game is over we're
gonna go to the next game
see ya bleh